hello my name is Andy Johnson I'm at
bullion RV in beautiful Duluth Minnesota
today I want to take a little bit of
time and show you our brand new 2014
Winnebago Minnie Winnie and this is a 22
are the last one of these we had sold so
fast that I want to do the video before
this thing even gets washed just so I
can get it out on youtube so if
somebody's been waiting for one of these
to come in they can give me a call
here's your Onan 4000 gas generator
right there nice long power cord water
heater here cable hookups city water
fill fuel tank it's got Dooley's it's a
nice beige our last one was white it's
got a bump around the back 5,000th on
hitch on the back back up camera ladder
I just want to take a second and just
show you there's just a ton of exterior
storage you have the right size
Rubbermaid you could really put a lot of
gear in there okay then you've got your
power on and just push the button that
goes right out nice beige exterior
high-gloss okay so now I'm going to go
right inside okay so inside the 22 our
first thing I want to point out this
it's got the u-shaped table nice storage
up above the table nice big bed when a
bagel supplies a ladder
there's your TV let me just get this
front Ford Cab your backup camera right
there and all your stereos all
integrated right into that our windows
power locks then we've gotten right as
we come in the door there's a battery
disconnect that next button right up
above is the power awning and you got a
grab handle right there nice big sink
oven for cooking those pizzas stovetop
TV antenna right here your DVD CD player
is right there
it's got ducted air conditioning lots of
lights lots of storage so this coach
sleep six and Parks and a little bit
bigger space than the suburban you got
your freezer in your fridge nice big
corner bed that's where all that storage
is underneath large window in the
bedroom to make it feel nice and roomy
got storage right up above porcelain
foot flush toilet nice big adult sized
shower plenty of storage in the corner
and then you can see your mirror and
your sink right there as well I'll shut
this door
and you've got a nice spot for your
wardrobe any furnaces right here and
then plenty of storage well my name is
Andy Johnson I'm at bullion RV and
beautiful Duluth Minnesota if you're
interested in having a nice compact
class see that's sleeps six keeps the
cost down with that Winnebago named nice
thing about Winnebago it's going to hold
its value better than other brands and
if you need parts Winnebago makes makes
them so they will take good care yeah
well my name is Andy Johnson I'm at
bullion RV you're interested in this
brand new 2014 Minnie Winnie 22r just
call or text me at to one-eighth 391
Andy thanks for watching malthus video
was helpful